1. Write a function that takes as parameters 5 numbers and returns the product of all numbers greater than 10
2. Write a function that takes as parameter a number and returns a 1 if its a prime number and 0 if its not
3. Write a function that takes as parameter a number and returns a 1 if its a fibonacci number and 0 if its not
4. Write a function that takes as parameter a number and returns its factorial
5. Write a function that takes as parameter a number and returns a 1 if its an armstrong number and 0 if not
6. Write a function that takes as parameter 2 numbers and returns the least common divisor
7. Write a function that takes a character as a parameter and returns its ascii value
8. Write a function that takes an ascii value as a parameter and returns its character
9. Write a function that takes a character as a parameter and return a 1 if its a DNA character(ATCG) and 0 if not
10. Write a function that takes a number as a parameter and returns the sum of the digits
11. Write a function that takes 2 numbers as a parameter and returns the larger of the 2.


1. Write a function that takes an array and size as parameter and returns the sum of the array
2. Write a function that takes an array and size as parameter and returns the largest value in the array
3. Write a function that takes an array and size as parameter and returns the lowest value in the array
4. Write a function that takes an array and size as parameter and returns the average of the values in the array
5. Write a function that takes an array as parameter and a position and returns the value at the given position.


1. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter a number as a string and converts to number
2. Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and return its length
3. Write a function that takes 2 strings as parameter and returns 1 if they are same and 0 if not
4. Write a function that takes 2 strings as parameter and copies string1 to string2


Pointers :
1. Write a program that inputs 2 integers and swaps them using pointers
2. Write a program that inputs 10 numbers in an array and displays it using pointers
3. Write a program that inputs 10 numbers in an array and reverses it inplace using pointers
4. Write a program to input data in 2 arrays of 10 elements and compare both the arrays using pointers
5. Write a program to input data in 2 arrays and merge them in 3rd array using pointers

6. Write a program to create a function that takes an integer array as parameter and returns the largest and smallest value
7. Write a program to create a function that takes an integer array as parameter and only value larger than a given value
8. Write a program to create a function that takes 2 integer arrays as parameter and returns only the common values in both the arrays (use pointers only)
9. Write a program to create a function that takes an integer array as parameter and returns the a set of numbers that sum to a given number
10. Write a program to create a function that takes an integer array as parameter and a search value and returns the index of the first position where the value occurs
11. Write a program to create a function that takes an integer array as parameter and a search value and returns the index of the last position where the value occurs
12. Write a program to create a function that takes an integer array as parameter and a search value and returns the index of the last position where the value occurs


1. Write a function that takes a char array(pointer) as parameter and returns its length
2. Write a function that takes a 2 char arrays(pointer) as parameter and return a 0 if they are the same and 1 if string1 is greater and -1 if string 2 is greater
3. Write a funtion that takes a char array(pointer) as a parameter and a search character and returns the position of the first occurence of the character and -1 if it does not exist
4. Write a funtion that takes a char array(pointer) as a parameter and a search char array and returns the position of the first occurence of the char array and -1 if it does not exist
5. Write a function that takes 2 char arrays(pointer) as parameter and returns a merged char array
6. Write a function that takes a char array(pointer) as parameter and a search character and returns the number of occurences of the character
7. Write a function that takes a char array(pointer) as a parameter and returns it in upper case
8. Write a function that takes a char array(pointer) as a parameter and returns it in lower case
9. Write a function that takes a char array(pointer) as a parameter and a position and returns the character at the position
10. Write a function that takes a char array(pointer) as parameter and a start position and end position and return all the characters from start to end
11. Write a function that takes a char array(pointer) as parameter and a start position and number of character and return all the characters from start to end
